Firewalld integration (#11883)
docker/docker.github.io: network/iptables.md

expose ports on an internal IP address, you can use the `--ip` option to
specify a different IP address. However, setting `--ip` only changes the
_default_, it does not _restrict_ services to that IP.

## Integration with Firewalld

> If you have [firewalld](https://firewalld.org) running on your system and are running Docker (with a version equal to or higher than `v20.10.0`) with `--iptables` enabled, Docker automatically creates a `firewalld` zone called `docker` and inserts all the network interfaces it creates (e.g. `docker0`) into the `docker` zone which allows for seamless networking

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are running Docker version `v20.10.0` or higher with [firewalld](https://firewalld.org){: target="blank" rel="noopener" class=“”} on your system with `--iptables` enabled, Docker automatically creates a `firewalld` zone called `docker` and inserts all the network interfaces it creates (for example, `docker0`) into the `docker` zone to allow seamless networking.
```

> **Note**

Reviewer: If you have manually added a known Docker interface such as `docker0` to a `firewalld` zone (such as `trusted`), and are experiencing any issues with starting the `dockerd` daemon due to an error similar to:

```
 failed to start daemon: Error initializing network controller: Error creating default "bridge" network: Failed to program NAT chain: ZONE_CONFLICT: 'docker0' already bound to a zone
 ```

Consider running the following `firewalld` command to remove the docker interface from the zone.

```bash
# Please substitute the appropriate zone and docker interface
$ firewall-cmd --zone=trusted --remove-interface=docker0 --permanent
$ firewall-cmd --reload
```

Restarting `dockerd` daemon inserts the interface into the `docker` zone.

Author: sgtm
